# Utils


<!-- WARNING: THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! -->

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### to_db

>      to_db (x)

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### impulse_response

>      impulse_response (b:jax.Array, a:jax.Array, n=4410)

*Compute the impulse response of a discrete time system*

<table>
<colgroup>
<col style="width: 6%" />
<col style="width: 25%" />
<col style="width: 34%" />
<col style="width: 34%" />
</colgroup>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th></th>
<th><strong>Type</strong></th>
<th><strong>Default</strong></th>
<th><strong>Details</strong></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>b</td>
<td>Array</td>
<td></td>
<td>numerators of the discrete transfer function</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>a</td>
<td>Array</td>
<td></td>
<td>denominators of the discrete transfer function</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>n</td>
<td>int</td>
<td>4410</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><strong>Returns</strong></td>
<td><strong>jnp.ndarray</strong></td>
<td></td>
<td><strong>The impulse response of the system, with shape (n_modes,
n)</strong></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### eigenMAC

>      eigenMAC (ref_eigenvectors, ref_nx, ref_ny, eigenvectors, eigenvalues,
>                nx, ny, n_modes, Lx, Ly)

\*Computes the Modal Assurance Criterion (MAC) between reference
eigenvectors and given eigenvectors.

Parameters: ref_eigenvectors : ndarray Reference eigenvectors (reshaped
for interpolation). ref_nx : int Number of reference grid points along
the x-axis. ref_ny : int Number of reference grid points along the
y-axis. eigenvectors : ndarray Eigenvectors to compare against the
reference. eigenvalues : ndarray Corresponding eigenvalues of the
eigenvectors. nx : int Number of grid points along the x-axis for
interpolation. ny : int Number of grid points along the y-axis for
interpolation. n_modes : int Number of modes to compare. Lx : float
Length of the domain along the x-axis. Ly : float Length of the domain
along the y-axis.

Returns: eigenvectors_swapped : ndarray Reordered eigenvectors after MAC
computation. eigenvalues_swapped : ndarray Reordered eigenvalues after
MAC computation.\*
